The black Bobby is leaving the eye of the ball and is jumping to the left side of the bear.
He is taking advantage of the chance and is chasing the ball in the corner.
It's dangerous! Bobby's mini straight is like a flash and it's on the left side of the bear.
The bear is ducking. One shot. The bear is going around and clinch.
The bear has been hit by the scary Bobby's mini straight.
Bobby is still trying to make a powerful move.
Bobby is trying to take a chance by hitting the face of the bear.
Bobby is trying to push the bear into the front rope.
The bear is in danger.
The bear is using the rope and is dancing.
The left hook is on the left side of the bear.
The right hook is in.
The left hook is in.
Bobby is attacking and clinch.
Both players are holding the ball in the center of the ring.
The referee is jumping in and is screaming the fight.
The bear is jumping in again.
The right side of the bear is stuck in the corner.
Bobby has been taken into Bible player트
The crossbones are in the corner and the body would change the direction.
Cwoo is attacking the left on the right side of the knee from the left hook.
It's probably not his he is taking advantage of the catch.
The professionally hired player is Ahí with strong dobby.
The strong left jabbing of Bobby, the
power of the heat of the power to fall under the blow
is attacking the ring in the classroom.
The 4th round is over and a minute of break.
Both are divided into corners and are now receiving
easy releases from the second.
Both players are breathing heavily and
the second is sending the towel.
The second is sending the towel.
The referee is now giving the next round to both players.
The 4th round is over and the
match is over.
The tension and excitement are now
overwhelming the inside of the stadium.